must select place like viewers welcome
to another episode of play select my
name is gold mountain and in this
episode oh this is a special war now
we're gonna bring up a topic that we
normally do not touch with a ten-foot
pole anymore based on past results but
we did anyways so check that out
now I'm holding this because this is a
representation of a 10-foot Pole a
10-foot Pole which I will not use to
touch anything related to Shenmue why
because last time I did and this is what
you guys had to say I really hope that
Shenmue 3 report wasn't part of the
April Fool's joke if it is I'm never
shopping at play Asia again gotta say I
concur with the Shenmue tease that's
like breaking unwritten rule and gaming
oh this is mean this is just really mean
you can april fools and all the lies of
the video i don't care but fool me with
the hope of shem you three it's horrible
you guys have no soul it's like to go to
a bunch of little kids in xmas until
they Santa don't exist and think it's a
funny thing you just don't do that I
checked Kickstarter for more than half
an hour and nothing of Shenmue 3 is
there yeah thank you now that I have a
stick I will fight you guys off but at
the same time I'm gonna drop this news
and oh yes she's holding xem you not me
I'm just I'm just repeating what I've
read ok this is not any weird sources
what I read and what I read is that Sega
loses its trademark for Shenmue because
they just didn't use it all right that's
what I read so what does this mean for
the Shem you fans it means that you guys
can start a Kickstarter now and make the
game of your dreams or someone else
could pick it up or it will actually
happen i don't know i'm not sure but the
thing is this is the really cool part at
the GDC coming up this month well you
suzuki suzuki son is actually going to
have a talk a retrospective about making
the game how was created and standing
next to him translating for suzuki son
is his BFF mr. mark cerny as you know
the lead system architect of the
playstation 4 now these two have been
together a lot of rumors have popped up
a lot of rumors that i fed into and I
got bit so you know anyways this is good
news hopefully not some troll but it
almost what it was yeah the summertime
of 2014 aka the time to be going out aka
the time to not listen to what I just
said and actually play video games
because in the summer of two thousand
fourteen on the ps3 for the US market we
get shin gundam musou AKA done
see warriors gundam reborn that's right
it's a direct poor translation of the
popular japanese gun damn game which is
awesome lot of sales a lot of people
like it i know you guys like your gundam
and yeah this one if you're not familiar
with it ok it's dynasty warriors with
condom right it's pretty much thanks to
boyers with gun though so you got max
just slicing everything up going crazy
but in this one well ok you have your
main story arcs they're gonna be seed
seed destiny and unicorn those though
the story arcs that you're gonna play
through and as well there's the space
battles that make a comeback I really
like those those are kind of cool really
epic and at the same time you can
actually some in warships to help you
out when you're partnered up with a
player character or someone else in the
CPU it's gonna be a lot of fun so this
is something to look forward to it's
quick but you know what hey I'm glad
they are bringing these games to the
west because I still can't reach heaven
you through this day so march 11th is a
very big day for gamers gamers like me
because i can't wait to play dark souls
where gamers like you are gonna play
titanfall that's cool I don't care I
think thing too I suppose anyways back
to Titan foam because the story today is
that Microsoft has released its March
update and this is pretty imperative if
you want to enjoy titanfall to the
fullest so this is a public service
announcement really check out their blog
because they have all the details but
for gamers this is a long story short
this is what you're gonna expect to see
all right updates include recent players
yes as seen on xbox 360 invite friends
only as seen on xbox 360 chat with
friends in different games all these
chat things that we're missing are now
they're so you know the things we grew
up with their back feels good you can
talk with your friends but the thing
about this update that's really gonna
make this a huge update is the fact that
one twitch streaming will be live on
March 11th I don't know how smooth this
is going to be but hey it's a step in
the right direction because it's really
cool everyone can make content now it's
gonna be full of awesome gaming content
videos that I can't wait to see because
trolling controlling trolling and of
course you have finally support for
dolby surround 5.1 yes for the optical
and the hdmi i don't even know how
people can play without that but that's
cool thirdly we finally have support for
third-party headsets now on the
Microsoft blog they didn't specify which
ones but you can assume it's probably
the titanfall turtle beach Lynn edition
you know that type of thumb right though
anyways enjoy titanfall on the 11
I'm gonna be just dying a lot and raging
in breaking controllers anyways happy
gaming so the hype is real for the news
I'm about to drop this is huge you
probably know about it but i want to say
because i'm excited too and this is
Batman Arkham Knight that's right the
finale to the batman arkham series it's
only for the next gen and i'll tell you
why this game is awesome alright it's
because for one reason only one reason
is because Rocksteady is back at the
helm they were like Warner Brothers like
that because wonder brothers let's face
it they kind of f'd up a bit because you
know the whole dlc priority over the
bugs of the game you know you can't play
arkham origins because they're working
on a dlz makes no sense well what makes
sense is this one Arkham Knight okay so
what are you going to see an arkham
knight the first thing is that ok well
you're gonna have the Batmobile there's
going to be an open-world driving
element to it which is gonna be really
really cool because you know let's face
it flying around the buildings i love
that but it's getting stale I want to be
the bat that car has the personality of
its own and we all want to drive that
car after being exposed to it so many
years secondly Kevin Conroy everyone's
favorite Batman is back as Bruce Wayne /
Batman he's doing the voices in terms of
villains we will not see Joker I don't
know right but we do see hardly coming
back she's a dlc character now Harley
you know in Arkham City she did drop in
about being pregnant with the pregnancy
test that was just dropped on the floor
found it who knows maybe the spawn of
Joker will come back but in the meantime
Scarecrow was the main body and you see
penguin as well as two-faced and one
more thing there will be no tact on
multiplayer I mean I kind of enjoyed it
yes you know I admit it but the honest
man like the whole single-player
experience of the batman series that's
where the money's at this game will be
out in october near Halloween so you can
dress up as Batman while playing Batman
I mean you could do that now but it's
just I'd understand and I wouldn't judge
you that much your complete home
that moment you've been waiting for
fries time pay for a moment of the
weaker I give you free stuff try some
works like this very very simple give
you a question give me an answer if you
get it right I'm gonna get you some swag
and ground rules if you know the answer
to my question please put it in our
inbox not the comments inbox not the
comments and specify whether or not you
want south park the stick of truth for
the ps3 or the xbox 360 now we've been
playing a lot of this at the office hype
game a lot of fun and we want you to
enjoy it so we're gonna make this super
easy it's like this which fictional
character is Eric Cartman based on yeah
I know I know you probably know already
you're typing like as I speak so there
you have it my name is gold mountain
thank you guys so much for watching
another episode of play select and peace
outside subscribe I'll see you again
next episode
you